.\" shorthand for double quote that works everywhere.
.ds q \N'34'
.TH WizardPen 4 "wizardpen 1.0.0" "X Version 11"
.SH NAME
wizarpen \- WizardPen tablet input driver
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "Section \*qInputDevice\*q"
.br
.BI "  Identifier \*q" Tablet \*q
.br
.B  "  Driver \*qwizardpen\*q"
.br
.BI "  Option \*qDevice\*q   \*q" devpath \*q
.br
\ \ ...
.br
.B EndSection
.br
\ \ ...
.br
.B "Section" \*qServerLayout\*q
.br
\ \ ...
.br
.BI "  InputDevice"	\*qTablet\*q
.br
\ \ ...
.br
.B EndSection
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B wizardpen 
is an Xorg input driver for WizardPen Tablet devices...
.PP
The
.B wizardpen
driver functions as a pointer input device, and may be used as the
X server's core pointer.
THIS MAN PAGE NEEDS TO BE FILLED IN.
.SH SUPPORTED HARDWARE
What is supported...
.br
WizardPen tablets
.SH CONFIGURATION DETAILS
Please refer to xorg.conf(5) for general configuration
details and for options that can be used with all input drivers.  This
section only covers configuration details specific to this driver.
.PP
.BI	"Option \*qTopX\*q	\*q"val\*q
.br
Allows the use of an alternative left edge location.
.PP
.B val
should be equal to the x value of the new left edge
.PP
.BI	"Option \*qTopY\*q	\*q"val\*q
.br
Allows the use of an alternative top edge location.
.PP
.B val
should be equal to the y value of the new top edge
.PP
.BI	"Option \*qTopZ\*q	\*q"val\*q
.br
Allows the use of an alternative minimum pressure.
.PP
.B val
should be equal to the value of the new minimum pressure
.PP
.BI	"Option \*qBottomX\*q	\*q"val\*q
.br
Allows the use of an alternative right edge location.
.PP
.B val
should be equal to the x value of the new right edge
.PP
.BI	"Option \*qBottomY\*q	\*q"val\*q
.br
Allows the use of an alternative bottom edge location.
.PP
.B val
should be equal to the y value of the new bottom edge
.PP
.BI	"Option \*qBottomZ\*q	\*q"val\*q
.br
Allows the use of an alternative maximum pressure.
.PP
.B val
should be equal to the value of the new maximum pressure
.PP

.SH "SEE ALSO"
Xorg(1), xorg.conf(5), xorgconfig(1), Xserver(1), X(7).
.SH AUTHORS
Authors include...
Edouard TISSERANT
Zachary Cornelius
